chore: Update docs for running within GitHub Actions (#61)
guardian/riffraff-artifact: README.md

### Within GitHub Actions

The `riffRaffUpload` sbt task will upload files to S3. When run in TeamCity, we gain credentials via TeamCity's `InstanceProfile` policy.

To give GitHub Actions permissions to upload to S3 use the [`@guardian/actions-assume-aws-role` Action](https://github.com/guardian/actions-assume-aws-role).
Ensure you use the Action before the `sbt clean riffRaffUpload`.
A secret (`GU_RIFF_RAFF_ROLE_ARN`) has been added Guardian GitHub organisation that can be used for the value of `awsRoleToAssume`.

For example:
```yaml
name: CI
on:
  pull_request:
  push:
    branches:
      - main
jobs:
  CI:
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest
    permissions:
      id-token: write
      contents: read
    steps:
      - uses: actions/checkout@v2
      - uses: guardian/actions-assume-aws-role@v1
        with:
          awsRoleToAssume: ${{ secrets.GU_RIFF_RAFF_ROLE_ARN }}
      - name: Set up JDK 11
        uses: actions/setup-java@v2
        with:
          java-version: '11'
          distribution: 'adopt'
      - run: sbt clean riffRaffUpload
```

#### Migrating Riff-Raff project to GitHub Actions from TeamCity

> Riff-Raff will only continuous deploy builds of the default branch if the latest build number is greater than the previously deployed build number.

Reviewer: This is hard to phrase! How about:

```suggestion
Riff-Raff will only trigger continuous deployment for builds of the default branch if the latest build number is greater than the previously deployed build number.
```

If you've been running in TeamCity for a while you'll likely have a pretty large build number.
When moving to GitHub Actions, the build number restarts from 1.
Therefore, you'll likely witness your project's continuous deployment no longer working.

> To solve this, it is easiest to customise the values of `riffRaffManifestProjectName` and `riffRaffPackageName`, creating a new project in Riff-Raff and then add a restriction to the previous project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To solve this, it is easiest to customise the values of `riffRaffManifestProjectName` and `riffRaffPackageName`, creating a new project in Riff-Raff. Once this change has been merged, you should also:

 1. Add a [restriction](https://riffraff.gutools.co.uk/deployment/restrictions/new) which prevents anyone from accidentally deploying the old Riff-Raff project.
 2. Update your [Continuous Deployment configuration](https://riffraff.gutools.co.uk/deployment/continuous) to use the new project name. 
 3. Update your [Scheduled Deployment configuration](https://riffraff.gutools.co.uk/deployment/schedule) to use the new project name.
 4. Pause the TeamCity build configuration - this can be deleted entirely once you are confident that the GitHub Actions pipeline is working
```
